kmp: add apple privacy manifest instructions (#9872)
getsentry/sentry-docs: platform-includes/getting-started-primer/kotlin-multiplatform.mdx

| Up to 0.3.0                      | 8.4.0             |
| 0.4.0                            | 8.17.2            |
| 0.5.0                            | 8.20.0            |

<Note>

> Due to Apple's new requirements, you need to provide a privacy manifest file for your app and therefore recommend using Sentry Cocoa SDK version `8.25.0` or newer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting May 1, 2024, Apple requires all apps submitted to the App Store to provide a list of privacy-related APIs they use. Use Sentry Cocoa SDK version `8.25.0` or newer to ensure compliance with these requirements.
```
